the first question is what is your your
opinion about machine intelligent
research and is and its application
potential okay i like it i'm working
on that well i think it's a fascinating
area and it's lot to work will be done
so it's nice to be there the next
question what is the the most important
research question in this domain maybe
for you what is really really
interesting for you all questions on how
the question and challenging there are
no second-class questions in this area
all one of them are important what is
the most important aspect of these
technologies for real-world applications
what did I make possible real-world
applications we are in the position also
tackling very hard problems and give me
a solution in early time that was not
possible so that is the nice part we are
in the position of solving problems what
do you think that the world should
discuss the problems of Robert in human
interaction it should or not well it's
better to talk about that and then have
fun to the centimeter so it is an
important thing to to understand better
communication between man and machine
not only between people and robots what
do you think it's very popular question
in the human nerve or not human either
in the brain it's possible to be created
not I don't think rub I don't think it
is not a matter of put a 2 million
computers together and I have a brain I
think we need much more than that and we
don't know how to
