what is your opinion about machine
intelligent and its application
potential so opinion about machine
intelligence right now I think that
we're at a point where we're really able
to see real applications that are coming
from technology that we've been looking
at for decades I think that there is a
lot of actual application potential and
I really think we're still at the very
front edge of discovering what's
possible with the current technologies
things that are really exciting and like
video processing the initial papers were
only published a couple of years ago and
we're still seeing people apply them in
really really interesting ways what is
the most important research question in
this domain of AI I think that's a
really challenging question for as
discussion that happened this morning
here at the conference the idea of that
the machine intelligence is doing things
we see that it's taking inputs and it's
generating outputs but we don't really
understand in a way that we can explain
to others what is the Machine doing how
is it coming to its conclusions how is
it solving these problems and I think
that's a important aspect in terms of
how we're going to use them and being
able to monitor what's what's actually
happening so if we start say if a
government starts using it to monitor
civilians in the population we really
want to know how is it doing what it's
doing so that we are comfortable that is
making decisions or that we know whether
or not we should be doing that what is
the most important aspect of these
technologies for real-world applications
hmm yeah so the important aspect here is
that I guess I'm gonna go with that the
machine intelligence is able to do
things that humans clearly cannot do we
are generating enormous amounts of data
and in an age where we're just basically
swamped with data and machine
intelligence the only way that we can
process that in a way that makes it
understandable and things that we can
act on the information and so that's
really key to how we can try and build
applications is taking information and
giving us the ability to make decisions
do believe it's artificial brain you'll
be created in 10 or 50 years yes I wants
people I'm not sure that that I'm not
sure when that if it will ever happen
the kinds of things that we're actually
doing with artificial intelligence I'm
not sure are particularly the things
that are commercially good I'm not sure
those are really leading us to the idea
of a AI brain and I'm not I'm not
convinced that we as a society or a
civilization actually really want to do
that so so yeah I'm not sure that's
going to happen thank you very much
