my first question is what is your
opinion about machine intelligence and
it's application of potential that
eventually we will have some kind of
machine intelligence because already now
this artificial intelligence machine
learning are are becoming stronger and
stronger and also the computers the
power of the computers is increasing all
the time so I think that in in the
future it's hard to say when sometime in
the future we have we will have machines
that have some kind of intelligence what
is the most important research question
and this domain may be for you what is
really there interesting for you in this
kind of research well and I I think that
we it will be very hard or perhaps
impossible for us to attain machine
intelligence without understanding how
the human intelligence works of course
there may be totally different kinds of
intelligence non-human intelligences but
we have no observations we have no proof
of that and as as far as we don't know
the only intelligence that we somehow
understand is the intelligence of human
beings and perhaps also animals dogs
cats that is the intelligence that we
know and I think the the best way to
build machine intelligence is somehow
try to model our own intelligence and
then make mathematical algorithms that
will somehow put that same kind of
intelligence into machines do you think
that the world should discuss about the
interaction between robots and human
actually it seems that the only way to
really really build intelligent machines
is also to have this interaction for
instance let's say in the 60s in the 70s
people try to build machine intelligence
by just putting in some rules into
robots and so on but now it has been
found that in order for the robots
really to look intelligent they have to
interact with people in the in the same
the same way as people
we do and so now now how people are
building this machine intelligence is
really to make it piece by piece had
some functions into this intelligent
machine so that they look even more
intelligent then keep on adding these
functions and finally reach a system
that at least to a casual human observer
will actually look intelligent do you
believe that brain will be created it's
very difficult that I know to say that's
immensely difficult question because we
don't really know how the brain works
that is the problem we have some rough
principles about it and of course
there's lots of detailed information
about the functioning of the brain but
what we don't have is the way to put
together this very large body of
knowledge that we have from basically
from physiology and autonomy in your
science people who are really doing the
measurements on the brain and then
mathematicians who are building this
high level modulus so we must be able
finally to kind of close this gap so
that our theories will explain how the
real brain works and then we can tell
these neuroscientists that please make
these kind of experiments to further
validate the theory but you know to
really build a machine that would really
have human-like capabilities or even
even higher than humans I am not quite
sure about that