my first question is what is your
opinion about machine intelligence
research and its application potential
well i think that the machine
intelligence research is very important
very important and that in order to what
we have to do is that we have to make
machines that are also able to think as
as human beings so using listing
linguistic terms for example and in this
way I think that computational
intelligence techniques are very very
important for this in order to solve
this kind of problems now for example
and I want to ask I can ask to somebody
to you for example I can ask I'm looking
for a cheap comfortable hotel and the
neighborhood of kasi G now then this is
quite understandable by people but if
you ask this to a machine they never say
what what do you mean by cheap you have
to you have to know them to determine
some level and what's the maximum price
you want to give for this and also in
the neighborhood of kasi g what do you
mean is that is it 500 meters from from
the church or all is that the church or
the Cathedral I don't know as at 500
meters or always a 2 kilometers for
example so in this way machines we have
to make machines intelligent by so that
they can use they can understand human
language and not on at the facial
language but a nature language for
example English or whatever and in this
way I think that machine intelligence
techniques and will be very important in
the future so that you can talk to the
machines and use your own language the
most important a research question from
your point of view in this field well I
think that it's the the modeling of
nature language the modeling of nature
language is the most important I think
yeah so that they can
first of all for normal people that they
use some language and this language is
full of em precise terms for example if
you think about a table if I ask you for
example and put put this glass on the
table now then you will have to
understand what the table is in for a
machine in order to be able to recognize
the table you have to give a description
now and these times you have to give a
description may be convenient of the
length of books yeah because you have to
tell you it has been that size it has
been that form yeah it has there has
been four different legs and under and
not three for example so yeah and the
shape and all these kind of things do
you need books in order to describe so
that the machine can recognize every
object if it's a table or not while we
have a natural feeling yeah it's very
difficult to describe if I should ask
you what what is the table describe a
table so that everybody else can say