so what is your opinion about machine
intelligence and its application
potential well machine intelligence will
be very useful but we don't think we
don't really want Intel we don't really
want intelligent machines completely yes
we want we want machines sufficiently
intelligent that we will consider them
stupid mm-hmm yes because if they're if
they are properly intelligent they will
want coffee breaks they will want paid
holidays they will they will find the
same tasks we find boring too boring so
so we want them to be smart enough that
they will they can do the boring tasks
but not smart enough to find them boring
what is from your point of view the most
important question research question and
this domain hmm or what is your your
major what do you are interested yeah
well my my major interest is in the
extraction of humanly useful information
from from data so if you like I believe
the that for quite a while a lot of
these machine intelligence tools will be
useful for creating tools which be
easier for human beings to use so so for
example a lot of people are interested
in data mining and the idea is that
there is a vast amount of data that data
if it is turned into something more
useful but human beings can do things
with them but but but for human being to
look through the vast amount of data
which is no data repository would be
very boring yeah so it's it's that that
kind of and I also think that the kind
of
human the useful information resources
we want we will tend to have a
hierarchical structure so that you can
just look and decide whether it's
interesting then you look at the next
level down and and so on so that it's
not it's not an all or nothing that it
gives you it will have some hierarchical
structure which you will then you know
as a human being you decide how far down
the structure you need to go you think
that the world should discuss another
problem of interaction human robot robot
human interaction well certainly
human-computer interaction in general is
there's an important area but but even
human technology interaction yeah not
for this applies all the way down to
design of stoves and a stove you have to
look to see the legend on the side which
which knob you turn will turn which
element on it's very crazy yeah a
colleague of mine used to demonstrate in
his first lecture he would say okay we
have bank of lights on the ceiling and
we have three switches okay you know
keep going early in turn all the lights
off and it's a okay which switch will
turn on with light and it's never
consistent you know the best one he had
you there was one lecture theatre in
which there were three switches or nine
lights so you think the three switches
are either the three rows that way or
three rows this way no there was one
switch which contain control the nail
shape and another switch controlled
another two and the third switch
controlled only one life mm-hmm
completely yeah so we just do not even
on the three simple technology we do not
make it easy for human beings to use and
then we get to computers you know you
can you can cause even more problems by
by by having had to use interfaces so
yes and
if you like i hope this kind of
extraction of structure from data will
also include some
development of expertise how to present
that to human beings so that they will
be able to interact do believe that a
human artificial brain will be created I
know it's difficult I I don't know it's
at one level I do I I do believe that
every you know that that our ability to
process information human brain and so
on is not it doesn't have any magic
involved yeah but at the same time I
know it's very complex and in mind or a
but the question is whether anybody will
ever really want to spend money yeah I
mean when it comes to it if once we
start creating machine intelligence kind
of tools which will do useful things you
know will be getting closer but but it
may be very inefficient and it maybe it
maybe nobody will bother I don't