my first question is what is your
opinion about machine intelligent
research and its application potential
well machine intelligence research
sometimes in the United States we call
it the area of intelligent systems is a
kind of Special Branch I belief of
artificial intelligence which is devoted
to developing machines which would
perform very complex tasks in an
intelligent but a human-like way in
other words they are trying to perform
these operations in the way in which
human beings are doing that the
traditional artificial intelligence
didn't care about how it is done it was
basically viewed as you know doing
something on the computer no matter how
which would somehow be similar to to
what it's a complete by humans but in in
machine intelligently the important
point is that they want to study how
human beings are doing that and
therefore it is very very different this
human-like is taken very seriously so in
that sense this requires of course new
challenges because for example the
classical mathematics of and the
classical logic to various logic is not
sufficient for that because here the
human beings do not work with precise
categories they do not work with precise
measurements and so forth it was
emphasized by Professor Dada in his
introductory speech but they are
basically working their reasoning and
acting upon perceptions now perceptions
can be approximated pretty well by
natural language so there is a kind of a
sequence of starting with perceptions
then approximating the perceptions in
natural language but that's still
natural language cannot be pretty well
expressed in terms of classical
mathematics in classical logic so then
we have a new tool of course fuzzy logic
and various uncertainty theories which
can do that which can approximate
natural language not completely
represent
but approximate natural language and
then we can use these representations to
actually perform these tasks to do the
reasoning decision-making and whatever
is needed for performing these tasks so
I think this is a totally new kind of
direction very different from the from
the traditional one and the potential is
tremendous because it term end is
because the classical area cannot handle
this human-like kind of things we cannot
at this point we still cannot design a
machine which would automatically park
the car or which would drive the car in
a in a heavy traffic of a city and
things like that we cannot do that but
hopefully with using the the perceptions
being able to actually process reason
with perceptions and and propositions in
natural language eventually this will be
possible so there are many many
applications of course which were
covered in this conference I mean so I
cannot go to all the application areas
but the potential is tremendous it's
just a very new area very significant
area and very different from the
traditional man I would call it even
like a very new grand paradigm shift you
know in science and engineering what do
you think what is the most important
aspect of these technologies for
industrial applications or real-world
applications well I believe that it is
the transition from what is called the
heart computing to what we call now soft
computing now soft computing is a kind
of partnership of a number of
technologies they are all kind of
emerging technologies primarily starting
with the 80s most more or less and they
include like fuzzy logic of course
that's very important fuzzy logic fuzzy
set theory they include neural networks
and then they include evolutionary
programming and genetic algorithms and
all that area then you have other areas
like reasoning this impresses
probabilities and this is connected with
various theories of uncertainty
issue of how to measure uncertainty and
how to utilize various important
principles of uncertainty then you have
of course other other formulas language
is like rough set C or E etc so they say
there's a whole whole category of tools
relatively new tools which have
developed well we can say during the
last half of the 20th century but more
closer to the end of the century and
they are now integrated under the
umbrella term soft computing and they
are used together they're kind of hybrid
system they are used you know
opportunistically according to what we
need in each particular application
context but i think that the soft
computing is the dominating aspect if
you if you want of the of this machine
intelligence or we used to call it also
intelligent systems area do you believe
that artificial brain will be created
well this is a very difficult question I
am by nature and optimist and I I think
that in principle I don't see any reason
why it could not be but you know this is
just a speculation and you know in some
sense there might be some inherent
difficulty and the difficulty might be
that there will be always kind of
residue which we could not properly
understand and properly represent some
residue like for example we are natural
language we look at natural language
human beings communicate via natural
language now we we try to develop
various new formalized languages by
which we can represent better and better
in a better and better way natural
language and that you know starting with
classical to valued logics that's very
very bad for representing natural
language but we then have multivalued
logic then we have motor logics and we
have now fuzzy logic and so forth so we
we are trying to
to have a better and better
representation of natural language but
the question is whether you know we can
we can represent it fully always always
there is some kind of gap and that's a
very interesting speculative question
whether such a gap can be closed or
never closed if we can never close it
then then actually there's something
something which is remaining that which
we never be able to do i I just I'm
optimist you know meaning that I i would
i would not say no it's impossible but i
am at the same time i am doubtful
somewhat there is some kind of residue
which cannot be which cannot be sort of
breached