the first questions what is your opinion
about machine intelligence and its
application in real life this is a two
white Christian preacher he'll never
make it now the much kinda a spec do you
want to get all my comments on the
machine intelligence so while it's it's
really wine but just in general or maybe
what you are interested in especially
your feel to your major now let me
explain what I'm doing the what I'm
doing is a try to fix my use a human
capability for computational indigence
the conventional approach like it's a I
trust call AI or new network you etc
everything is try to make the model of
the human first then they implemented
this model into computers and literal
make an advance in her learning
capability in the computers this is
approach hey this is somehow good then
the computer can do it as something but
what I am doing is instead of making a
model and the letter have the machine
intelligence they combine the human
capability to her this kind of a
conventional approach and make much more
higher functional home system that is my
target so somehow a little different
approach yeah see then maybe interesting
haha combination is tomorrow stop is the
I'm first speaker and the third speakers
huh press the Hashimoto now you ask that
he is using a humanoid or computer
robotics this people say it seems like a
replacement of the human that has a
human capability so the insight that has
much about haha the models of some here
several human factions but ha what I am
thinking is the human has a much over
odd instead of to make the model then
operate in Tyler interacted with humans
and have some kind of functions inside
or the making a total cooperative system
sameera must somehow approach is
different the next question I know it's
so wide and also the next questions I
don't know for example what is the most
important aspect of these technologies
for real-world applications with it
aspect of these or spoons maybe just
solve the problems in a different way
I'll say it is a veritable feast but if
I always have my control people maybe i
would say in front of the best if I am a
person how the robotics nanorobotics the
best something back so it's hard to say
the April here are evaluated every field
however somehow i'm interested in on the
japanese trend is somehow robotics the
low-techs is not pointed in industrial
robot the as you heard that now is
consumer old is increasing and
increasing when the outside layer upon
the US the consumer ovata is there is no
such in a market but japan this is
already started the whole supported the
fourth person like then suppose yours
how early elder person is the hard to
get up and you support the washer body
but it takes the heavy time maybe in
this case you need some kinda support of
the machine power and another is human
fear but other person is isolated
feeling the younger families though some
even if there are some houses where the
other person's gathered still there's
not so fancy one and then you may hard
as a pit is how some colonies or human
mind and for example I for some kind of
pleasure blood pressure is can be
degrees if they touch the whole animal
pet the same thing is happening now they
ugly have you ever heard news of the run
robot in Japan the spit robot is record
as a Guinness Book
last year I was in American the bustillo
this is produced in in Japan that is how
now the monitoring with the help of the
medical person's thoughts are touching
all these the action is coming in the
fiction coming no that's Deedee's well
this is still just a small but but just
started so I kissed this becomes wider
field so industrial robot has a big
market now it's new power market be
studied the emotion in robotics is
really interesting to pick a commotion
to tomorrow's I'm thing if there is a
time i will add well sometimes i use
some my top this motion control suppose
i have the robot the robot is passed
something to you may be danger who
dangerous and scared there are even the
human we do not pass something to like
this one in especially in japan this is
better manner yeah so in this case when
we passed something this kind of passes
they are give the the sutra impression
so the trajectory speed and acceleration
this kind of combination is or decide
the good behavior or no bots industrial
on case efficiency good number one
priority but it's in emotional or some
kind of human strength is most important
yes ok the next question is we do you
think the brain it is possible to or can
be created if you hold in the power of
our future but still have some function
only some functions can be realized it
might be not same yes but for functions
may be same but in up from the
application point of view it is no need
to make a complete the same function
over your brain if you making a pit of
you here is this is may be interesting
but the in the application side control
of attorney condition something that use
just only one part of the human brain so
if we can make this kind of part i think
that is enough but still now the ha
pattern recognition something that is
very very few part and how fam changed a
bit but not so good but that if I we
come in this sense to limited a certain
application filled and making us and
complete additional function of the
brain then I think now they are we can
make artificial brain
