what is your opinion about machine
intelligent research and its application
or potential from a viewpoint of
industrial applications hmm you know
there are so many possibilities for
example scheduling and also for
delivering goods to many places and also
managing problems and so on so many
possibilities for the application of
computational intelligence and the next
question is what is the most important
research question and this domain what
is it important to research research
question so not easy but yes I know but
the problem is if we can realize the
real human intelligence on machine or
not maybe a support system is easy to
realize but real intelligence its
implementation is not easy someone says
it's impossible not my opinion is a
nuclear make an effort in the future we
can very close to the human intelligence
or 10 11 and do you have some personal
experience with some systems in a
production for example for job shop
scheduling or something like that oh oh
yes yes yes
such a sense we started in miserable
seventies in my present or Japan and we
first we had the population desert us
with companies mainly in the field of
control but in this and day is not only
a control but also secure job scheduling
problems and also managing systems and
so on we are now doing with many
companies okay what is the most
important aspect of these technologies
for real-world applications I think you
perhaps set and if you have do wish to
say something more but is the most
important aspect for of these
technologies for real-world obligations
mmhmm yeah it depends upon the
applications but as I told you in the
case of scheduling problems we are now
applying for the technologies of not
such a statistical measure but also
study mathematics including with chaka
integrals and its derivatives a little
bit special topics but there is very
popular question do you believe that the
artificial brain will be created or not
so in from now maybe within 10 years I
think it's impossible within 10 years
it's impossible but
from now maybe within 50 years to some
extent we can be arise that means how to
define the status of artificial brain
this is a problem okay in the case of a
human being so many human beings exist
like baby small babies almost infant to
have a very intellectual level so on the
soul various kind of grace whatever
exists but in a very basic form letters
may be within 50 years 50 years to some
extent we can be right I suppose