my first question is what is your
opinion about machine intelligence and
its application of potential well I
think it's important to learn from the
biological brain and yeah the earth the
biological brain has much larger
capability compared to the artificial
intelligent machines that are at present
at recent days so I think it's very
important to learn from the biological
brain first and then if we understand
the mechanism and then our it's better
to apply to the real application to to
uncover the making of the barrel to
bring dear well body neural network is
very important
well it can be said in other words the
hypothesis we make the hypothesis
following the ideas which are obtained
by neurophysiology psychology and many
other experimental result for the
biological brain and then we try to
construct the neural network module and
in that case we'd not know or enough or
information to complete the whole neural
network model so or we we try to follow
the evidence which have been already
known as faithful that possible and make
a model but however there are many
points we do not know yet so for that
point it's important to make us some
hypothesis and make the net neural
network behave in a way in the same way
the human brain and once we are a
constructor neural network model and
then we simulate or we analyze the
behavior of the model using Mathematica
or computer simulation and then we give
some well stimulus to the model and
observe the behavior of the model and
also we compared we give the same
stimulus to the biological brain and
they are observed the behavior of the
biological brain and compare the two and
if the model behaves differently from
the biological brain then we feel that
their D or in our hypothesis was wrong
so we modify the hypothesis and Rick
modified model again and then compare
their behavior of that our new and dear
new model and the biological brain so
are we repeat that process her again
again until the model behave the same
way the biological brain so although
even though the model are behaving in
the same way the biological brain it
doesn't say that the model the
biological brain we have at the same has
the same mechanism at the errotica brain
however the probability of the both
system has the same are working on the
same are with me is very high so
although we need to make the experiment
again to verify if the model physical
and a psychological experiment to verify
if the model is actually true or not
however there there's a very high
probability of the model are working in
the same meghanadha brain so once they
are mechanism of the brain is understood
by that modern research then we can
simply apply it to the air we are
application when we analyze the model or
simulate the model we write the behavior
the mechanism the model are by a
computer program so or it's very easy to
apply to the real application do you
believe that brain will be created or
not because it depends on the definition
well if we want to construct the real
biological brain it would take centuries
and centuries however during the process
- approaching dear we are biological
brain we can have many applications in
each step so on
I think the modern research is a very
good tool for not only for understanding
the brain but also for getting new ideas
for design principles of the information
processing system in the future also an
extremum
but do you wish to improve system well
there are I'd like to introduce some the
active vision system mechanism for
activism in the recent new covington it
works possibly to the stimulus but I'd
like to introduce some active process
and depending on the stimulus the earth
neo conventional changes or focused
attention to different point what the
system want to are interesting and they
are observed a pointer more precisely
for example or like the eye movement
model there the retina about I had their
high acuity at the center but the acuity
of the earth what a radiation is very
low in the periphery so all human being
are moved out I will sack aid and
or the focus our attention to the place
where we are interesting which we are
interesting so all such a mechanism is
one example of the teacher problem