what is the most important aspect of
these technologies for real-world world
applications for real-world applications
because what I mentioned in previous
questions actually it was real world
application because I I believe that
research at least in our context should
be interconnected with industry so I I
would I would tell almost the same as in
previous question Dib do you believe
that artificial brain will be created it
depends what do you mean by artificial
brain what requirements will go have on
this artificial brain if you mean that
the brain which will be
indistinguishable from human brain as it
was Turing test some many years ago for
testing whether the system is
intelligent and if people have a measure
how to measure that this brain is really
the same as human brain I don't believe
that this this will be true in
next I don't know 20 50 60 years but I
believe that something which will be
much better than than we have now maybe
based on similar principles as as be
perceived that human human brain works
but it's just our perception then I
think something like this will be
possible okay thank you very much
