well it's during this last decade
machine intelligence has becoming well a
very important part of our society there
are so many well applications that can
can be generated from well machine
intelligence well the motor for the
booming of the machine intelligence is
definitely the creation of a deep
learning the so called deep learning
well it is in well exactly new but there
is some brick mathematical breakthrough
in there and now it's a booming so so I
think it will place well increasing the
important role in our society in well in
the next future yes but as you know that
the machine learning this is the circum
of machine learning and every boom
usually lasts for 10 years and after
that there is well it hits a wall then
maybe after a few years we will hit a
new wall again then we will need well a
new mathematical breakthrough again for
our next boom so we don't know yeah I
don't know yeah yeah what is the most
important research question in this
domain of AI maybe it's
hmm it's a very tough question but maybe
it's the relation between human
intelligence and machine intelligence
how machine intelligence will connect
with human intelligence and how will we
will develop our variation with machine
what kind of a new interaction will will
will be born from the between machine
and human what is the most important
aspect of these technologies for
real-world applications I mean I think
it will be the generality of machine
intelligence you know that the current
machine intelligence well represented by
mainly by neutral networks once we train
the neural network regarding one task
then that's it it cannot do another task
but if we are really thinking about real
machine intelligence then we will have
to develop a kind of a generality I mean
that intelligence that this general that
is close to human and it is not it is
still an open problem right now
yes do you believe that artificial brain
will be created well this is also a
difficult question artificial brain
artificial brain if you mean something
that is so similar to human brain then
maybe not because well the materials for
the current artificial intelligence and
the the biological materials of our
brain are different so maybe the
differences in materials will create
differences in in the sort of the
intelligence but
hmm so in there well in that sense that
I do not believe that there will be
something that will be similar to the
brain but it doesn't mean that this is a
bad thing because maybe we will have
well another kind of intelligence it is
different from human but it is not
necessarily bad yes yes I believe that
there will be some some some some sort
of new intelligence yeah thank you very
much
