first question is what is your opinion
about machine intelligence research and
it's applications very important problem
under the old machine like the
industrial robot or the driving a car it
is not intelligent so they are thinking
about the old time had to imitate human
being Adam machine however it without
brain now is the time we want to have
some intelligent machines it can be
robot to Curitiba but they can use those
looks like human brain and it's very
difficult so in the beginning they tried
not the like brain but just imitative
function of the brain and the very
elementary function but but gradually
they are thinking about more
sophisticated intelligence and still
it's not exactly the same as the human
brain
maybe it's impossible but we have some
compromise between the GR brain and
mashing approach what is for you really
interesting problem for you in this
field ok so see the memory human memory
so we can compare the memory structure
of the computer and database it's very
wet behind on the other hand my memory I
don't know what is how it destruction
and what is the database of my memory
but it should be very completely
different from the computer memory the
steel is missing the base of memories
SAT synaptic connections change
and that the source of the memory but
the structures of memory say the hey I
remember the face my friend I remember
some mathematics what your data
structure in the human memory this is a
big puzzle and very interesting point to
be answered but the problem to believe
that a brain will be created
artificially I do not think the brain
like the ideal human being it is created
it theoretically it's possible ok but
maybe the human being does not want to
create such almighty things but we can
create some brain which works in some
very special aspect very well was
sometimes better than other human beings
but as Authority maybe we do not want to
create such thing do believe or do you
think that world should discuss about
the problem between human and robot
interaction
mm-hm oh yes it's very interesting
reappoint
and the robot can understand say the
sensation hidden of human on the other
hand if the robot behaves something like
humans are more closer to humans we
might feel that the robot is just
thinking robot is enjoying whatever so
there are some interaction and
communication among the robot and human
beings and it could for the future
intelligent robot to have such
pretension
what are the most important aspect of
these technologies for applications for
people common people okay so they are
thinking about one thing is computers
the computer does not have body okay but
just the you know monitored and but we
can communicate we can order computer to
do something but also in the other and
the other stage is the robot robot can
help us to bring something to take care
of something
and so on at the point of the robot it
has body ok the computer its so
intellectual major HIV but nobody so we
have two different approach from
computer science a point of view to
create more intelligent and in general
machine on the other hand from robot
side having body and feel and such the
outer world
and also has some good intelligence and
those approach will be integrated into
the new intelligent system