what is your opinion about machine
intelligence intelligence and its
application potential yeah it is very
strong to to to will be going to world
much world in the future what is the
most important research question in this
domain of AI yeah yeah the most
important thing is mathematics basic
basic is almost mathematics so it is
important to study hard to mathematics
what is the most important aspect of
this technologies for real world
applications
real world application ok now in Japan
and very high age the person
popular saw it and in my opinion to the
application is to to fall a handicapped
person or aged person to take care of
them by this technology do you believe
that artificial brain will be created
do you believe that artificial brain
will be created that's right
so I'm now researching this area yeah
thank you very much thank you