I think that there is huge potential for
machine intelligence to improve research
to improve quality of life for people
through our research efforts and so I
think it can be beneficial to people and
I think it is something that will
continue to grow in advance over time
what is the most important research
question in this domain of AI I don't
know that you can say there's one
research question the most important I
think is using how do we use machine
intelligence to benefit people to
advance the science of artificial
intelligence over time
it's I think the best way to look at it
is so what direction do we need to take
to advance this technology what is the
most important aspect of these
technologies for real world applications
I think machine intelligence could be
used in every aspect of of advancing
human benefiting humans and advancing
the technologies feels strongly that
healthcare applications applications
where robotics where we can actually
help people and assist them through the
use of robots and
trying to find the best solutions for
people and to help people do believe
that artificial brain will be created
maybe in 10 50 years an artificial brain
in the next 10 to 50 years i feels
probably unlikely and so I think we've
come a long way it trying to understand
I'm not sure that trying to replicate
the brain is the right thing to do but I
think that technologies will advance I
don't think that we'll be at a point
where there will be a fully functioning
artificial brain and within the next 50
years okay thank you very much what is
your opinion about machine intelligence
and its application potential I feel
that mm-hmm sorry I feel that machine
intelligence is an important application
the technology itself will advance all
areas of science and I feel that there's
true benefits especially to humans and
providing a better quality of life
through the use of machine intelligence
you're looking
