what is your opinion about machine
intelligent and its application
potential currently we're we're seeing a
surge in applications coming from the
success of AI researches for instance
alphago by google deepmind they were
able to solve this you know go problem
by beating the reigning world champion
and that is that was the greatest feat
in my opinion at this you know at this
age because it's one of the Holy Grails
of AI research and that was accomplished
by through deep neural networks in
reinforcement learning in Montecarlo
search and in terms of further potential
[Music]
we're expecting that algorithms that
were applicable in solving these really
really tough problems will have
applications in other domains like
medicine in some other areas where we
can you know where everybody can benefit
from it what is the most important
research question in this domain of AI
the most important research question I
think is what is the limit of AI at a
moment we cannot possibly come up with
an AI that will be like the Terminator
just like what you see in the movies we
are so far away from that stage can you
ask me again that question
what is not what is the most important