I think finding the limits of AI because
so far it has been exceeding all our
expectations like how can it how come it
solve these you know Holy Grail sort of
problems what is the limit I mean
personally that that would be my
research question what is the most
important aspect of these technologies
for real-world applications most
important aspect
although these algorithms were tested on
really really difficult games like the
game of Go will have can the entire game
can it be represented in in in the
limited space of computers can have a
look again the question
for me the games are just test beds and
those games are really really
challenging but to apply the algorithms
where the people can benefit directly
like for instance if you can come up
with an AI that will compute for the
exact combination of chemicals that will
help cure for instance cancer or
whatever that would be that would be the
most important thing I think do you
believe that artificial brain will be
created like in 10 or 50 years there
will be some artificial brain but we
cannot expect that that artificial brain
will be as powerful as a human I don't
think so it's going to take another
another wave of innovations and
revolutions not the the deep neural
networks you know would not suffice you
know the architectures that we have
today would not suffice because at the
moment they we know that they give us
really good results but they cannot
explain you know they don't have that
explanation capabilities thank you very
much
