my first question is what is your
opinion about a machine intelligent
research and its application potential
all I would like to say that machine
intelligence I was very active in this
field for many years and I think that it
gains popularity and importance very
much in the last year's because in my
opinion is that there is a scarcity of
expertise human expertise and and
machine intelligence promises to some
extent that we can incorporate in the
machines some facilities as human humans
have and that we will be able to
accomplish tasks that are very expensive
or there is a scarcity of human
expertise so this is the most important
icing and I also think that they if not
the Machine children should be they
considered into from two different
points of view the one point of visa
direct one without well direct way means
that you construct systems are somehow
intelligent whatever in beans you know
and the second one is that you add some
intelligence to the existing systems
models and so on so what I was trying to
do in my research me was mainly we
consider the database and try to
introduce something like a intelligent
querying for the database and in fact
this so we didn't let say change
database itself database was as it as it
was in the company or in them in any
agency and we try to somehow soften the
existing acquiring capability so this
was a i think a successful troll because
no she use now in some hotel reservation
systems webs websites place to stay this
kind of stuff you can you can enter as a
thousand you see that you do defined
user profile and do different
preferences a very fast way so this side
I think it's a what we do but we stopped
in the mid-80s introduced over there is
so basically this is my opinion facts
which is
your point of view the most important
question in this domain research
question or four in your field didn't
have to say because you know why I'm not
provide I would have to sing very long a
possible but let me just tell you
something what I think is very important
that human intelligence system do not
operate in a vacuum they operate in a
human society one of the 40 say
popularity and their implementation is
very important to human beings except
them and I think that a very safe
approach is to build systems that don't
they don't they wouldn't interfere very
much in manifest because there were no
success your sister should somehow help
you know human being but rather replace
them it in sophisticated task because
human rejection would mean that the
system would be implemented by my
opinion what are the most important
aspect of this research for real-world
applications yes very very broad
question and I think that in my opinion
at least that this question should be
somehow a decomposed into smaller
questions because you know if you twist
it try to solve it said the old world's
problem we wouldn't do this so I think
that this stage the state of first its
now let's see realistic approach is to
so very small question because if
intelligent systems are very beginning
so they are much less intelligent and
even the least intelligent human being
and that's why probably we can ever get
help you know somehow human humans or
solve the real problem but we replacing
the human side in my opinion anyway then
the challenge is to support decision
making because the decision making is
becoming more and more more
sophisticated and difficult and i see
that human beings are overloaded so we
have to do something to help them you
know not replacing but help them make
better decisions especially in maybe not
meet the technological area but there
are areas we were there is much
competition no and the last people have
less and less time they are overloaded
they were very long and they need some
decisions about making business for
instance what do you think that if the
world should discuss about the problem
of interaction between human and robot
robots and human interaction we should
so I my purse I I never did anything
with robotics but I need something like
in the system so i think that into a
human man-machine interaction let's call
it in an old-fashioned way is the key
issues are in fact you know i think that
without solving this problem will not be
able to do anything because human beings
are very nasty creatures so it all they
don't actually don't like except
something which is not less a consistent
with their vision of the day they're
willing in essence edges and i think
that for any any intelligence system you
can imagine one of the say bottlenecks
in the application on implementation is
that the human machine interaction is
very non human consistent it means that
is it somehow people don't understand
many of the news also implement the
system don't understand that Intel most
of the systems
intelligent system let's say our for
non-specialists they are not for
computer specialists the users will have
will be completely non specialist and if
you assume this point of departure then
you're let's say man-machine interface
will be much much even consistent which
is not the case Safari my next question
is do you believe that human brain will
be created yes or not just artificial
brain turn I don't think so because if
this happens you would not be necessary
we're not just selling the world by
sugar just so well I think that's human
brain soon human brain is too
sophisticated but not only brain that
human mind you know and human let's say
feelings and I don't think that because
you know it's a like for instance if we
discover everything there is no no no me
no place for science for anything else
and this would be the end of the world
and travelers will not happen because of
this fact so I don't believe this fact