my first question is what is your
opinion about machine intelligence and
its application potential well you know
I have been interested in those issues
for a long long time and I've written a
paper called Thinking Machines more than
50 years ago yes
and so obviously enough machine
intelligence is something that's
becoming more important more visible but
my views are somewhat different from the
views of the AI community and AI
community after a certain point believed
that many of these problems can be
solved through the use of symbolic logic
great admirer symbolic logic but I think
symbolic logic is not really the way to
deal with machine intelligence because
humans do not use symbolic logic zero in
1 so humans so fuzzy logic is much
closer to human logic than symbolic
logic is so when you talk about machine
intelligence we should use fuzzy logic
and not symbolic logic but the AI
community has always been somewhat
skeptical about fuzzy logic and
sometimes antagonistic over fuzzy logic
because of its clash with symbolic logic
you see but but in within the AI
community today things have changed so
the thing that is fashionable today is
what some people call new AI and new AI
is oriented toward probabilistic
computations in particular base units
that is what's fashionable today base
units which is completely completely
different from sea
balaraju so but my own thing is to move
in the direction of perceptions I did
not talk about perceptions in my own
lecture here was concerned with some
different issues but that's what I do
believe is the direction understanding
how humans can do so many things so well
without using any measurements any
computations the next question is what
is the most important research question
in this domain and in domain of machine
intelligence
yes there is to me the most important
question or the most important
application is that of adding deduction
capability to search engines in the
Internet today also value speech that's
right today's search engines and Google
is the best example have many remarkable
capabilities but they don't have
deduction capability and this is what's
very important so what would be
extremely important if instead of having
a search engine you had a question
answering engine see the question
answering engine consists of a search
engine plus deduction module in other
words it gives you some information the
answer may be that but then you have to
do something to come up with the answer
that question and today's search engines
don't have that people they just search
so if you had a question even simplest
question simplest like how old this bush
it will answer that question it would
send you to websites with you know there
is that but it won't ask that question
and and furthermore as I mentioned in my
presentation it doesn't understand
that there's no answer for example if
you said who is the king of France all
right
it will not say there is no king
girlfriend it would send you to here and
there and so how many how many PhDs were
granted two horses in Slovakia ask
questions like that stupidest thing you
know sorry to come up with some answers
do you think that world should discuss
the problems of robot and human
interaction if you think that wrote
should this robot robot in human
interaction well it's an important
problem but frankly I don't believe in
this sort of thing that this movie AI
you know it's to me it's ridiculous it's
highly would product it's not really a
serious sort of a thing so that there is
interaction but what form that
interruption will take and how long and
that that's something that's very
difficult to anticipate at this point
the day robots can do only extremely
simple things extremely simple things
what is the most important aspect of
these and technologies for real-world
applications what do you think well you
know that's a very big question it's the
kind of a question that's very difficult
to answer and because what's the most
important you know whatever the case
might be it's very difficult to answer
so that I think that and I want to
return to that theme again to me the
most important one is question action
capability because even robots in order
to do certain things they have to answer
some question in the mind of the robot
you want to avoid an obstacle some
questions arise is there something there
is not something there so one thing that
should be remembered is this decisions
are based on information see so the
system has to
have a capability to digest information
today systems cannot digest perception
based information they do not have this
capability so that we're actually at a
very low stage of our understanding of
these problems we are not at the high
level very also have another question it
was very very popular if you think that
the brain it's possible to brain to be
create or what do you think if yes or
not certainly but in small ways you see
if you create in terms of fuzzy logic
has many meanings you can create simple
things you can create the complicated
theory you can create a symphony you can
create something depends create what now
let me tell you one thing machine cannot
create okay compose melodic areas can I
do a computer can compose some sort of a
music but if you say can a computer
compose the logic area the way
Tchaikovsky could or vertical
organization could know