what is your opinion about machine
intelligence research and its
application potential machine
intelligent research has been changed
during ten years and many other notions
like ambient intelligence multi-agent
systems and and everywhere intelligence
came to almost everyday use I have to
say that we have to be very aggressive
in more specific targeting things we see
applications in many areas starting with
dishwasher starting with washing machine
starting with programming for example
programming is is under rapid evolution
in sense of taking labor from humans and
getting to machine so we are living on
humans only creative part of programming
and and things which are which could be
done by machine for example creation of
pop-up windows or something else are
automatically done for example in video
visual studio which is very interesting
is that this notion this approach is
this there as well so basically I think
machine intelligence is somehow hidden
is now so exploits it as it was before
but still going on and I appreciation
potential is enormous if you look to the
cars if you look to the to the other
kinds of automation without artificial
intelligence or machine intelligence is
not possible so that's my eye I that's
my opinion I I look forward for the
future it will not be easy and we have
still lots of things to research what is
the most important aspect of these
technologies for real-world applications
the most important aspect of these
technologies would I be
is interactivity so how machine interact
with human and how human is providing
knowledge for the machine and machine is
able to accept the knowledge and embed
in their system so in fact we are
building a human behavior system and
modeling of human behavior will be
crucial in coming years and it includes
pattern recognition improvement audio
speech recognition many many other
things I think professor Brooks in his
talks in fora TV specified very
precisely and interactively
interactivity connected with the
improvement dexterity of many other
things for example robots will be very
very important what do you think that
the world should discuss the problem
with robots in human interaction I think
that the misuse of artificial
intelligence misuse of automation is
absolutely evident so we have to be very
very aware what is the misuse and we
have to think we have to discuss and we
have to make absolutely clear that
automation robots and even Facebook if
you want is Miss usable in in in current
situation and also some implications for
example look to the to the microsoft
project natal it's extremely interesting
interactively connecting real bored and
virtual world what will be the
implications in human society for
mankind the connectivity of real and
virtual world we don't know yet so I
think we have to
we have to try it we have to use it and
on the other side we have two very
careful we have to be very careful about
the misuse of automation in the future
do believe that artificial brain will be
created artificial brain notion is not
new I am fully convinced that artificial
brain or the copy of artificial brain
will not be created we can only model
the behavior of that brain so we can
only model the behavior of the system
and I'm far not sure if we will replace
fully human what is going right now is
that human is starting to be a
supervisor of of the systems so
basically creation of artificial brain I
am not sure if it's a good idea anyway
and it could generate many many problems
in the future thank you
