what is in your opinion about machine
intelligent research and application or
potential of this you mean my opinion
about artificial intelligence yes it's
very important for the next next
industry and also next application
especially because I'm working on the
robotics yes especially how the human
robot the indus no bots will be applied
in our daily life to work with the human
and in such a situation is quite
different from the industrial
application because the user the robot
is ordinary people not engineer so if
the engineer knows how to operate the
robot maybe he came down but in the home
environment for instance the children
and also grandfather and mother cannot
run how to operate global so but we
expect for these people is skilled to
communicate with human so if the robot
can be used by communication just like
human the so if the robot can understand
what the human user thinking of this is
very important and also this technique
should be required should require the
artificial intelligence for TT so my
consideration about artificial
intelligence is not only logical logical
reasoning when protocol sinking but also
include emotional thinking yes do you
think that for it's important for world
to discuss or to understand and to
analyze the discussions between human
and robot so
what maybe must watch the facial
expression of the human also the
gestures yes the next question what is
the most important research question in
this domain what do you think yes have
many problems so we have any subject to
be studied and that include what is
emotion of the human this is very
important and also the intuitive
learning were intuitive understanding of
the environment and what what the human
willing to do intuitively this is very
important not really cool you think that
artificial brain yes I will be created
ah yes week also offering also made from
the materials ordinary materia so in the
future we can build a artificial brain
but I'm don't think that it is easy
using the nowadays technologies because
for to create the real artificial
intelligence or utter brain we need some
cooperative work with the biologist
biological and also chemical yes okay
maybe you are here for the first time in
Slovakia yes so what do you think about
slovakian general way with people and
also your impressions of the symposium
yeah this film podium is very active and
the way I'm very enjoying this symposium
and also maybe
this one point is in this symposium
there are special session for the
artificial intel movie we'll split
steven spielberg this is a very good
attractive event in such academic
symposium we have seen this movie or not
oh yes I am soon yes that's quite
interesting so thank you very much for
interview
