question is what is your opinion about
machine intelligence and its application
and potential I would like to ask for in
such a way that my opinion I will limit
to one problem which is very interesting
for me I think that one most challenging
problem in computer intelligence or is a
problem about evolutionary emergence of
complicated problem or complicated
algorithm icings that is a very big
change for computer intelligence or
computational intelligence of also or
emotional algorithm or neural network
ATC it is a very complicated problem and
Isis high-value I I am pretty sure that
in the course 10 or 15 years is will be
most interesting problem in the computer
intelligence about evolution about
evolutionary emergence of very
complicated algorithmic some
evolutionary emergence without input of
a human factor and so on what are the
most important aspects of these
technologies for real-world applications
I think that is completely new paradigm
in computer science and I think that
some impact for a human society of this
new technology will be that this is
approaches to construct a new more
effective algorithm for computer which
will be user friendly with emotional for
example communicating in natural
language and so on I think do you think
the world should discuss the problem of
interaction human-robot interaction if
the world should discuss about it button
if I weather will be possible some
discussion between robot and and
human yeah yes I sing sister it is of
almost if it yes a SiFi story was really
possible but you know I think that also
in the present time there exists some a
computer system which communicates
partially with a human user and if you
are not a professional in this field it
is very difficult for you to solve
problem whether you are communicated
with program or with video with human
societies I think that is it it is I
believe that in the course of 10 or 15
or 20 years will emerge also
evolutionary it is not a problem for
classical artificial intelligence while
at various degrees also some some
evolutionary emergency problems that it
will be possible to communicate for
example by natural language with robot
do you believe that the artificial brain
will be created it is not this I think
some main dream all oh man who are
working artificial intelligence weather
is really possible that of course I I
believe that that yes that it will
recreate it what is the main problem
user is hardware oh no what kind of
which what kind of hardware the mind
will be implemented and the second
problem how to construct if if we have
hard hardware then another problem how
to construct the disease is super
program i may say and i see is it also
their assumptions some evolutionary
emergence all these complicated problem
programmer be some module structures
that will be independently developed
some model for vision for recognition of
sin ver on